now
hi girls and guys how are you this time
I bring you a makeup tutorial that
they have asked me a lot especially in
a little younger girls
because they are always asking me
a kind of gentle makeup that is
they can use let's say in day to day or
for the cole for the university and for
go out with friends to my notice of things for
the style that are super sexy super
quick they think they prepare us this
look that in very few steps can be
very nice and very radiant depending
how they combine it, I leave them with the
tutorial of this look so that they can
perform
we will start this look by applying our
cream base of our makeup
usual is we will put it in points
specific and we will begin to spread by
all our face until we have say
a fairly homogeneous color in everything
that is our face and neck after
this will apply our corrector
eye bags
remembering that we can always melt it
in our faces of both little ones
touches with our ring finger one
once applied to our concealer
dark circles we go to our northern paul
face with a big brush and taking
a little loose powder to seal what
which is our foundation and
our proofreaders later
we will take a shadow in a brown tone
Of course this is my preference if
you prefer, you can take a
skin tone or tone let's say a little more
bone color this will apply in all my
mobile eyelid reaching the part
of the eyebrow bone
then I will take a dark brown shadow
to give to give it a touch of
depth to my eye we will apply this
in what is the eye arch without getting
much to the lacrimal we repeat this same
technique in both eyes and after that
we will apply a black crayon can be
black or brown this depending on the
choice of each one in our line of
This water will be to give it one more touch
intense to our look after it
we will make a delineation is superior external
this line we must be very close to what
will be our eyelashes
we take we started from the tear
to the outside of our eye
after that we will apply a bit of
mascara
or mascara
and to complete this what we will apply
a blush in this case I will apply a
stealing grams which has to be
applied with small taps since
it's something that
it melts easily with the face if
prefer you can also apply it with
a brush with its movements
circular as usual
to finish we will apply a pink tone
on our lips it can be pink or a
Skin tone if you prefer
and then they can also apply
If you want a touch of gloss of it
tone
we will apply a bit of our
illuminator in cream below the bone
our eyebrows to apply tips of
light to our look this same what
we can apply on the bone of the
cheek
and well and that is how we complete this
look super easy and super simple in
few steps
and well girls is that way we can
make this look I hope you have them
liked it very much and put it in
practice is extremely simple and let's say
that gives it a more natural look and
colorful at once to our face without
need to exaggerate those makeups
that we often use for parties
nightly occasions I hope you have
very much liked if so
remember to like to share it with
your friends and discuss it if you also
you wish you can subscribe to my channel
now here below to be aware of
all the winds such that we go
going up
at the suggestion of you or by
inspiration but remember that also
can you follow me on my twitter that is
this
today the different social networks that
the same instructions here below them
I sent a little kiss and saw the next one
this same channel
the